[narrator] It is said that
every several hundred years,
the goddess Athena
is reincarnated.
And now a new Athena
has been born into this world,
but, this time,
under a dark prophecy
that she will lead
mankind to ruin.
The warriors who protected
the goddess Athena
were known as Knights.
Today, a new generation
of Knights
control the fate of the world.
They are called
the Knights of the Zodiac.
["Pegasus Seiya" playing]
♪ Hold it in your heart ♪
♪ Cosmo is a part of you ♪
♪ Burning hot, gotta flow
Don’t you stop it, let it go ♪
♪ Prophesies are made
And galaxies are far from here ♪
♪ But you don’t need them now
Stay strong and believe what you feel ♪
♪ Pegasus, this destiny
No one can take it away from you ♪
♪ Now your home is the sky
And your dreams are the wings ♪
♪ They’re gonna take you high ♪
♪ Saint Seiya ♪
♪ Signs out there keep calling ♪
♪ Forever
We will stand with you ‘til the end ♪
♪ Ooh, yeah ♪
♪ They say that
All boys are born true fighters ♪
♪ Remember you can do this
Then fly away ♪
[narrator]
Previously on Saint Seiya...
[both grunting]
The dragon is
not invulnerable, Long.
-Hah!
-[Seiya] I see it!
[Shaun] No pulse!
Long's heart has stopped!
The Dragon will live!
[Guraad] Sienna,
the Pegasus Bronze Knight,
and the Gold Armor. Hmm.
Is this really necessary?
[Mylock] I'm making sure you
don't have permanent damage.
You were dead, you know.
[Seiya] Deadish,
only for a minute.
[Long chuckles]
Thanks to Seiya here.
[Seiya chuckles]
If he starts behaving oddly,
call a doctor.
How's your head?
It looks bad, but you
should see the other guy.
Oh, wait.
I owe you my life, Seiya.
You don't owe me anything.
I did what I had to, Long.
[Shaun] Whew. You both
gave me a good scare.
I'm just glad
that you're doing all right.
[Long] Your fight is up next.
Are you ready, Shaun?
If I have to fight,
then I have to fight, I guess.
You're the only girl
in this tournament, Shaun.
We all expected you
to be... meaner.
[chuckles] No, I'm not mean.
If I'm totally honest,
I kinda wish I wasn't here.
I mean, why are you guys here?
Just to fight?
My master, Dohko,
suggested that I join the fight.
Huh?
[Long] He trained me for many years
at Five Old Peaks in Lushan.
People say he used to be
a great warrior,
but he never talks about it,
so I'm not sure
if it's true or not.
Anyway, I really respect him,
and I wanna be
a great man like him someday.
Oh, so you have
a master like that, too.
Though it's strange he wanted me
to compete in this tournament,
with personal battles
being against the code.
Master Dohko
must have his reasons.
I just don't know
what they are yet.
What about you, Shaun?
Why are you here?
I'm here because...
[waves crashing]
[chain rattling]
[Shaun in thought] "Axia"?
The Greek word for "important"?
I'm not sure.
I guess you could say
I've always been
kind of a reluctant fighter.
I used to be
pretty immature for my age.
I'd complain and cry
when things didn't go my way.
Kids would pick on me,
but I didn't fight back.
I didn't see the point.
So my older brother Nero
taught me how to fight.
But instead of
teaching me to attack,
he taught me how to protect
myself without hurting others.
He showed me the power
of defensive fighting,
the strength to protect myself.
My brother was tough
and intimidating, but also kind.
He'd use his strength
to help anyone who needed it.
Why isn't he here?
When Nero and I
showed the ability to use Cosmo,
we were sent
to different locations
to train to become Knights.
Nero went to a remote island.
He never came back.
I miss him every day.
So to answer your question,
that's why I'm here.
I fight using the defensive
skills he taught me
to honor his memory.
[energetic music playing]
The next match,
Andromeda Shaun
versus Unicorn Jab!
[chuckles]
[sighs]
Well, if it isn't
the "reluctant warrior."
You've heard of me?
[laughs] I heard you whining.
You should quit if you're
going to waste everyone's time.
I admit it, Jab.
I don't see the reason
for fighting like this.
Don't you think
this is pointless?
Pointless?
Can't you see that Gold Armor?
I see.
It seems maybe we'll
never understand each other.
Seriously? How soft are you?
I don't know
what game you're playing...
but I came here to fight,
whether you want to or not.
Ah! You can't win the fights
only by dodging.
Come on, Shaun.
Don't be a coward.
I'll even give you a free hit.
Come on. Take it.
Hit me, you wimp!
[chuckles]
Well, okay.
What's she going to do
with those chains?
[Jab] What the hell is this?
This proves
you don't belong here.
Real Knights don't use weapons!
These chains aren't weapons.
They're a defense,
like a shield.
What?
The chains
are spread around Shaun
like a spider's web.
It looks just like
the great Andromeda Nebula
in the night sky.
You be careful, Jab.
The closer
you get to my chains,
the closer you get
to getting knocked out.
[laughs] Now you talk tough?
Your words
can't hide your cowardice.
[grunts]
Prepare to die!
Unicorn Gallop!
Nebula Chain!
[yells]
-[groans]
-[electricity crackling]
[Seiya] It's over? Already?
Told you.
[Seiya] Congrats on your win.
Or whatever that was.
[Long] Your chains
move on their own?
No. They're warning me.
Must be something dangerous
in the area.
Something's wrong.
I can feel it
in the pit of my stomach.
I have never seen
this kind of reaction before.
[chain rattling]
What's going on down there?
Something's not right.
[Seiya] Maybe they're
reacting to Jab.
Can't get
more hostile than him.
He's not here.
The medics took him away.
Oh, there's definitely something
unfriendly coming our way,
more of a threat
than any Knight.
Everyone get back!
If an enemy touches the chains,
they'll get zapped with
10,000 volts of electricity.
We're not your enemies, Shaun.
We're not exactly friends,
either.
[box whirring]
What the hell?
[Shaun] The Gold Armor box
opened on its own.
This is weird.
[Seiya] It's worse than weird.
Look! The right arm is gone.
[rumbling]
What's happening?
[both gasp]
[guard]
What's with the shaking?
We're under attack.
[officer] Sir,
we've arrived at the target.
We're facing no resistance.
[Guraad] That won't last.
Your job is to capture the
Pegasus Knight and kill Sienna.
I have another agent
that will get the Gold Armor.
Yes, sir.
My lady, we need to evacuate.
I have the VTOL standing by.
I'm not leaving, Mylock.
You are in danger.
I'm always in danger.
I know who's behind this.
[guard] I don't know
who you are.
It does not matter.
You're not getting
into this facility.
I won't let you!
I've defeated
even Bronze Knigh-- Ahh!
[bird squawking]
[helicopters thrumming]
[Seiya] Guraad!
Who?
Vander Guraad.
He was the enemy
of Sienna's grandfather.
He tried to kill me
a couple times, too.
Is this what made
the chains go crazy?
No. They weren't reacting
to just an army.
The chains are sensing
some greater threat...
something bigger.
I feel it.
Me, too.
I think you guys were punched
in the head too many times.
[Knights grunt]
Damn it!
-[explosion]
-[grunts]
[guard] Ahh!
I can't see anything but sky!
-[rumbling]
-[rubble falling]
[gasps]
[Mylock] My lady,
it's not safe here.
We need to leave now!
[Shaun] I think Sienna
and Mylock will be okay.
It's built
like a bunker down there.
-[machine gun firing]
-Eh?
[Knights yell]
This isn't our fight.
You're going to run away?
[Magnus] Fighting armies is not
in the job description.
Knights are forbidden
to engage in personal battles.
And Knights
shouldn't use their powers
against regular people.
It's wrong.
What's wrong is doing nothing!
This is what Knights are for.
It's why we have these powers,
to do something!
Nebula Chain!
[Seiya] Well?!
I'm still not sure.
My Dragon Armor is tough enough
to stand up to missiles,
but your armors might not be.
There are only four of us
against an army.
-[machine guns firing]
-[Knights gasp]
[guard]
J-Judging from all the gunfire,
you must have brought an army.
All right, then! I will
take on all of you by myself!
I'm not afraid of you!
Come get some!
Do what you want!
I'm staying! I'm fighting!
[Long sighs] Let's go.
I'm with you.
Oh, great.
[Seiya] When I was a kid,
Guraad attacked my sister
and tried to kill me.
I couldn't stop you then,
but I can now.
[yells]
Don't say I didn't warn you.
[bullets pinging]
[soldiers yelling]
[bullets beating in armor]
[grunts]
Cygnus, you need to watch
what you're doing!
Why don't you watch
where you're going?
We're supposed to be allies!
And I thought your Armor
was supposed
to handle missile attacks.
Keep your head up.
Don't target us.
[machine gun firing]
Stop!
We look out for one another!
We don't fight each other!
[Shaun] Looks like we
turned them all back.
[Seiya] It think you're right.
-[Long] Hmm.
-[helicopters thrumming]
[Magnus] Looks like
we're all screwed.
[Seiya] Defense won't work.
We have to attack together!
I don't take orders from you.
We're Bronze Knights!
If we can't even
help each other,
how do you expect us
to help Athena?!
My lady, please.
Guraad's forces
are going to kill you.
The Bronze Knights can't
protect you against all this.
No, I trust the Bronze Knights.
I know what they can do.
Nebula Chain!
[yells]
You've seen
the unbreakable shield.
Now witness...
Lúshān shēnglóng bà!
[growls]
That was awesome!
Seiya, you're up!
Keep 'em busy!
[Seiya] You got it!
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
We're actually doing it.
-[tanks rattling]
-Hmm?
[Magnus] Challenging me?
You're either very brave
or very stupid.
Diamond Dust!
Well, very stupid, it is.
[Seiya] Sienna?!
What the hell?
Why are you still here?
That's what I've been saying!
We'll keep Guraad's army busy,
but you need to get
to that place we talked about.
Come on! Hurry!
Seiya, don't let them get
their hands on the Gold Armor.
You have my word.
Sure, you listen to him.
We've got to get Sienna
away from this place!
This doesn't look good.
What?
[Seiya] Oh, great.
Well, why not? I'm ready.
Then, let's go!
[guard] Those sound
like attackers.
Finally, the enemy's
getting serious.
I'm not sure even I
can take on an attacker.
But, no, I won't be defeated!
As you may have heard,
I can defeat even Bronze Kni--
This is more than we can handle.
What we need is to make
an escape path for Sienna,
and it's up to us to make it!
[rapid firing]
Nebula Chain!
Diamond Dust!
[Long] They're coming in
for another pass.
I don't know
that we can survive this.
You came back from the dead.
If we can ignite our Cosmo,
we can do anything.
Mm-hm.
Huh?
Everyone, get behind me!
Damn it!
They've got more missiles!
Diamond Dust!
Nebula Chain!
[all] Seiya, now!
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
-Nice shot.
-[Shaun] We did it!
-Whew.
-[airplane blades whirring]
[Seiya] They've still got more?
[grunts]
Thanks, Long.
I think we should
get out of here.
After we get the Gold Armor.
[Mylock] My lady,
please sit down.
It's dangerous.
No, I'm good.
You have my word.
[officer] Sir,
we've occupied the perimeter.
The Bronze Knights
are in retreat.
[Guraad] You let
the Pegasus get away?
We're still searching
for him, sir.
What about Sienna?
She escaped, sir.
To where?
Actually, sir,
we were following her,
but the Bronze Knights
got in our way.
[yells]
All those forces,
and you still failed me?!
I'm... sorry, sir.
You're dismissed, Commander!
Sienna will die, just not today.
At least my other agent
completed his part
of our mission.
Now the plan
I've been working on
for so long
will finally be complete.
[Seiya] Thank you, all of you.
I'm so used to fighting alone.
I never imagined
what we could do together.
[chain rattling]
Another enemy?
No. This must be
much more powerful.
[Magnus] The chains are
pointing at the Gold Armor.
I promised Sienna
we'd keep it safe.
If it's safe, then what are
my chains reacting to?
-They're reacting to me.
-[Knights gasp]
[energetic music playing]
Who are you,
and what are you doing here?!
Who the hell is that?
It's the Phoenix Knight.
[Seiya] Look at her chains.
The Cosmo in Phoenix
is incredible.
They're not sensing his Cosmo.
They're picking up his hate.
[Shaun] Impossible.
Nero? Big brother,
is it really you?
Her brother is Phoenix Knight?
I thought you were dead!
-[grunts]
-[groans]
Shaun!
[Nero] I'm not dead, little sister,
but soon you will be.
["Somebody New" playing]
♪ Believe me, I'm speechless ♪
♪ I wish that I could say those words ♪
♪ You whispered so sweetly ♪
♪ And maybe I'll regret this
but I've gotta be honest ♪
♪ Cause we made a promise,
I won't break it now ♪
♪ I wish I could hold you ♪
♪ But how could I be so unfair ♪
♪ To lead us to nowhere? ♪
♪ We've both been down that road before ♪
♪ And if it should end us
please know that I'm helpless ♪
♪ I've made up my mind ♪
♪ It's not that I don't feel
the feelings you do ♪
♪ It's just my heart's not ready yet ♪
♪ For something so soon, yeah ♪
♪ For somebody new ♪
[music ends]